<h1 class="text-center">Privacy Policy</h1>

<p><h2>ACCEPTING THESE TERMS</h2>By inviting the bot and using its features you are agreeing to the below mentioned Terms and Privacy Policy of the bot.<br>You acknowledge that you have the privilege to use the bot freely on any Discord Server you share with it, that you can invite it to any Server that you have "Manage Server" rights for and that this privilege might get revoked for you, if you're subject of breaking the terms and/or policy of this bot, or the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and/or Community Guidelines of Discord Inc.</p>
<p><h2>Intended Age</h2>The bot may not be used by individuals under the minimal age described in Discord's Terms of Service.</p>
<p><h2>Affiliation</h2>The Bot is not affiliated with, supported or made by Discord Inc. Any direct connection to Discord or any of its Trademark objects is purely coincidental. We do not claim to have the copyright ownership of any of Discord's assets, trademarks or other intellectual property.</p>
<p><h2>Liability</h2>The owner of the bot may not be made liable for individuals breaking these Terms at any given time. He has faith in the end users being truthful about their information and not misusing this bot or The Services of Discord Inc in a malicious way.<br>We reserve the right to update these terms at our own discretion, giving you a 1-Week (7 days) period to opt out of these terms if you're not agreeing with the new changes. You may opt out by Removing the bot from any Server you have the rights for.</p>
<p><h2>Contact Us</h2>If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us By visiting this page: <a href="https://discord.gg/RBzbtdgDBT">discord.gg/RBzbtdgDBT</p>
